CoreJava/JavaReadMe.md, before:

- [JDK, JRE, JVM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IoireaKRRFo&t=22s)

INTERFACE

- [Functional Interface](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/functional-interfaces-java/?ref=lbp)
- [Nested Interface](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/interface-nested-class-another-interface/?ref=lbp)
- [Marker Interface](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/marker-interface-java/?ref=lbp)
- [Comparator Interface](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/comparator-interface-java/?ref=lbp)

Memory Management

- [Java Memory Management](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/java-memory-management/?ref=lbp)
- [How Java objects are stored in memory](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/g-fact-46/?ref=lbp)
- [Stack Vs Heap memory allocation](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/stack-vs-heap-memory-allocation/?ref=lbp)
- [Types of memory areas allocated by JVM](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/how-many-types-of-memory-areas-are-allocated-by-jvm/?ref=lbp)
- [Garbage Collection](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/garbage-collection-java/?ref=lbp)
- [Types of JVM garbage collectors](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/types-of-jvm-garbage-collectors-in-java-with-implementation-details/?ref=lbp)
- [Memory leaks in java](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/memory-leaks-java/?ref=lbp)
- [JVM stack area](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/java-virtual-machine-jvm-stack-area/?ref=lbp)

MULTITHREADING

- [Multithreading in java](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/multithreading-in-java/?ref=lbp)
- [Lifecycle and States of a Thread](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/lifecycle-and-states-of-a-thread-in-java/?ref=lbp)
- [Thread Priority in Multithreading](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/java-thread-priority-multithreading/?ref=lbp)
- [Main thread in Java](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/main-thread-java/?ref=lbp)
- [Java.lang.Thread Class](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/java-lang-thread-class-java/?ref=lbp)
- [Runnable interface](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/runnable-interface-in-java/?ref=lbp)
- [Naming a thread and fetching name of current thread](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/naming-thread-fetching-name-current-thread-java/?ref=lbp)
- [What does start() function do in multithreading](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/start-function-multithreading-java/?ref=lbp)
- [Difference between Thread.start() and Thread.run()](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/difference-between-thread-start-and-thread-run-in-java/?ref=lbp)
- [Thread.sleep() Method](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/thread-sleep-method-in-java-with-examples/?ref=lbp)
- [Callable](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/callable-future-java/)
- [Countdown latch](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/countdownlatch-in-java/)
- [Daemon thread](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/daemon-thread-java/)
- [Inter thread communication](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/inter-thread-communication-java/?ref=lbp)
- [Producer-Consumer solution using threads in Java](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/producer-consumer-solution-using-threads-java/?ref=lbp)

SYNCHRONIZATION

- [Synchronization in java](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/synchronization-in-java/?ref=lbp)
- [Importance of thread synchronization](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/importance-of-thread-synchronization-in-java/?ref=lbp)
- [Method and Block synchronization](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/method-block-synchronization-java/?ref=lbp)
- [Lock Vs Synchronization](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/lock-framework-vs-thread-synchronization-in-java/?ref=lbp)
- [Difference b/w Atomic, Voltile and Synchronized](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/difference-between-atomic-volatile-and-synchronized-in-java/?ref=lbp)
- [Volatile Keyword](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/volatile-keyword-in-java/)
- [Deadlocks in Java](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/deadlock-in-java-multithreading/?ref=lbp)
- [Semaphore in java](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/semaphore-in-java/?ref=lbp)
- [Java.util.concurrent.Semaphore Class](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/java-util-concurrent-semaphore-class-java/?ref=lbp)

REFLECTION API

- [Reflection in java](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/reflection-in-java/)

COLLECTIONS

- [HashSet in Java](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/hashset-in-java/?ref=lbp)
- [Linked Hash set](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/linkedhashset-in-java-with-examples/?ref=lbp)
- [Enum Set in java](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/enumset-class-java/?ref=lbp)
- [Stream in Java](https://www.javatpoint.com/java-8-stream)
- [Comparable vs comparator](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/comparable-vs-comparator-in-java/)

Commit message:

[Added navigable set, sorted sset, tree set]

CoreJava/JavaReadMe.md, after:

- [JDK, JRE, JVM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IoireaKRRFo&t=22s)

INTERFACE

- [Functional Interface](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/functional-interfaces-java/?ref=lbp)
- [Nested Interface](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/interface-nested-class-another-interface/?ref=lbp)
- [Marker Interface](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/marker-interface-java/?ref=lbp)
- [Comparator Interface](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/comparator-interface-java/?ref=lbp)

Memory Management

- [Java Memory Management](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/java-memory-management/?ref=lbp)
- [How Java objects are stored in memory](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/g-fact-46/?ref=lbp)
- [Stack Vs Heap memory allocation](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/stack-vs-heap-memory-allocation/?ref=lbp)
- [Types of memory areas allocated by JVM](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/how-many-types-of-memory-areas-are-allocated-by-jvm/?ref=lbp)
- [Garbage Collection](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/garbage-collection-java/?ref=lbp)
- [Types of JVM garbage collectors](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/types-of-jvm-garbage-collectors-in-java-with-implementation-details/?ref=lbp)
- [Memory leaks in java](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/memory-leaks-java/?ref=lbp)
- [JVM stack area](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/java-virtual-machine-jvm-stack-area/?ref=lbp)

MULTITHREADING

- [Multithreading in java](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/multithreading-in-java/?ref=lbp)
- [Lifecycle and States of a Thread](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/lifecycle-and-states-of-a-thread-in-java/?ref=lbp)
- [Thread Priority in Multithreading](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/java-thread-priority-multithreading/?ref=lbp)
- [Main thread in Java](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/main-thread-java/?ref=lbp)
- [Java.lang.Thread Class](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/java-lang-thread-class-java/?ref=lbp)
- [Runnable interface](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/runnable-interface-in-java/?ref=lbp)
- [Naming a thread and fetching name of current thread](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/naming-thread-fetching-name-current-thread-java/?ref=lbp)
- [What does start() function do in multithreading](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/start-function-multithreading-java/?ref=lbp)
- [Difference between Thread.start() and Thread.run()](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/difference-between-thread-start-and-thread-run-in-java/?ref=lbp)
- [Thread.sleep() Method](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/thread-sleep-method-in-java-with-examples/?ref=lbp)
- [Callable](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/callable-future-java/)
- [Countdown latch](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/countdownlatch-in-java/)
- [Daemon thread](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/daemon-thread-java/)
- [Inter thread communication](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/inter-thread-communication-java/?ref=lbp)
- [Producer-Consumer solution using threads in Java](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/producer-consumer-solution-using-threads-java/?ref=lbp)

SYNCHRONIZATION

- [Synchronization in java](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/synchronization-in-java/?ref=lbp)
- [Importance of thread synchronization](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/importance-of-thread-synchronization-in-java/?ref=lbp)
- [Method and Block synchronization](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/method-block-synchronization-java/?ref=lbp)
- [Lock Vs Synchronization](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/lock-framework-vs-thread-synchronization-in-java/?ref=lbp)
- [Difference b/w Atomic, Voltile and Synchronized](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/difference-between-atomic-volatile-and-synchronized-in-java/?ref=lbp)
- [Volatile Keyword](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/volatile-keyword-in-java/)
- [Deadlocks in Java](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/deadlock-in-java-multithreading/?ref=lbp)
- [Semaphore in java](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/semaphore-in-java/?ref=lbp)
- [Java.util.concurrent.Semaphore Class](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/java-util-concurrent-semaphore-class-java/?ref=lbp)

REFLECTION API

- [Reflection in java](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/reflection-in-java/)

COLLECTIONS

- [HashSet in Java](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/hashset-in-java/?ref=lbp)
- [Linked Hash set](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/linkedhashset-in-java-with-examples/?ref=lbp)
- [Enum Set in java](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/enumset-class-java/?ref=lbp)
- [Sorted Set in java](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/sortedset-java-examples/?ref=lbp)
- [TreeSet in java](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/treeset-in-java-with-examples/?ref=lbp)
- [Navigable set in java](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/navigableset-java-examples/?ref=lbp)
- [Stream in Java](https://www.javatpoint.com/java-8-stream)
- [Comparable vs comparator](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/comparable-vs-comparator-in-java/)
